I've often thought of the act of game making as akin to how precious stones are formed. Strength unyielding pressing and pressing upon plates and grit until something polished emerges. Brilliant and triumphant in its completeness, its *singularity*. Nothing is like this. Hours of screens, hours of thought, preparation, worry, thought thought thought, installation, GitHub, thought, and lag. You toil and toil, sear flesh and let it flow into your work like a catalyst for your worth. It becomes a mirror of you, the more you *fucking* stab away at it. And you hope that in some horrifying way, it might do you justice. It might be that crystal you wrought it to be. It might land soft in the mind of another, and they might pause. *And they. might. pause.*



Why do I see myself as an arrow, searing through time and space? Why me, of all people, do I make move, talk, and breathe? How come I had to be the pilot for this beast, careening though the layers of its age and stumbling over its feet. I feel so uncontrollable. Freefalling sideways through others. My will is the *only one that matters*, for I *do not know your thought but for what escapes your mouth*. I want to stop. I need to stop. This projection through linear time and heatmapped space seems more unbearable the longer you think about it.



Oh hey. I know you. I'm thinking about you. Always. That some kinda idealized you. The other that gets me. That waits, watches, listens, and knows. And damn you for tapping like that on the back of my head. Why must I always be playing my cards to you? Turning them like a poker champ so the camera can see. I want you to know me like I want you to. Are you and audience or a judge? *Are you looking at me right now?* I find it hard to believe that you're there. I find it harder still to think you exist for others.



I'm so tired of games. That's a lie. Maybe not. I'm tired of the reaching, the grasp for the grain of it all. The overdones and the missing-the-points. I want the incomplete scattering of half-thoughts and failed aesthetics. I want honesty, baked into the code and the thought. A veneer of polish is necessary, but nothing more. Please. I want to really, *honestly* feel the elemental value that comes with adding interaction to almost any medium. I want the rush, the loss of self, but not the insincere. I don't want the wooden crate, the A-pose, the Character Controller script, the fucking worthless in-game currency. *I want bare truth in what I make.* Please, I just want it to be something worth it all.